README.md, before:

# calculator

28/01/2023 - The listener is now set up but I need to write functions for all the buttons. I don't want to write a bunch of functions that are all the same except that it returns something slightly different. There must be a way to have 1 function that covers all the buttons.

25/01/2023 - Finished the layout of the calculator. Now I need to have the screen align any text added to the right side, listen for button inputs, add the inputs together to create an equation, and finally output the answer. I think the screen could be a bit taller to accommodate more inputs.

24/01/2023 - Tried adding a screen and messed up how everything is positioned and sized. I'll need to fool around with this later but I think I'm on the right track. I'm tempted to use grid-template-area instead of what I'm doing but we will see how it goes.

18/01/2023 - First day of the last exercise of "Fundamentals". I'm excited to be finished this and move on to using APIs and doing the big stuff. I have some ideas on how I want to make this calculator and I don't think it will be that hard with chatGPT.

Commit message:

create an event listener for each button and have the inputs stored in a variable

README.md, after:

# calculator

29/01/2023 - The calculator now listens to the button clicks and adds the innerHTML to a variable. I think I will have to have conditions and parse the equation variable so that it is interpreting the values correctly. I will also need to create logic for BEDMAS and add specifics for the equals and clear buttons.

28/01/2023 - The listener is now set up but I need to write functions for all the buttons. I don't want to write a bunch of functions that are all the same except that it returns something slightly different. There must be a way to have 1 function that covers all the buttons.

25/01/2023 - Finished the layout of the calculator. Now I need to have the screen align any text added to the right side, listen for button inputs, add the inputs together to create an equation, and finally output the answer. I think the screen could be a bit taller to accommodate more inputs.

24/01/2023 - Tried adding a screen and messed up how everything is positioned and sized. I'll need to fool around with this later but I think I'm on the right track. I'm tempted to use grid-template-area instead of what I'm doing but we will see how it goes.

18/01/2023 - First day of the last exercise of "Fundamentals". I'm excited to be finished this and move on to using APIs and doing the big stuff. I have some ideas on how I want to make this calculator and I don't think it will be that hard with chatGPT.
